chore: 2.15.0 (#1295)
canonical/operator: CHANGES.md

# 2.15.0 - 22 Jul 2024

## Features

* Add support for Pebble check-failed and check-recovered events (#1281)

## Fixes

> * Use temp dir for secret data (#1290)

Reviewer: I think this could probably be a bit more detailed? Maybe:

```suggestion
* Pass secret data to Juju via files, rather than as command-line values (#1290)
```

> * Add checks and log_targets to ops.testing (#1268)

Reviewer: Maybe a bit more detailed with this one too?

```suggestion
* Include checks and log targets when merging layers in ops.testing (#1268)
```
